# Modules:
1.	DE1_SoC:
The DE1_SoC module is the top level-entity in the design. This module overall controls the output LED Array, as well as the HEX0 display on the De1 SoC board. The output is controlled from the input signals of 4 buttons, KEY[3], KEY[2], KEY[1], and KEY[0], and switch SW[9]. The DE1_SoC controls a travelling green LED starting in the fifth row (from the top) of the LED Array board that represents a frog. The frog must navigate past orange LED cars in the above rows to reach the top row without encountering the cars. The behavior of the circuit originates from the modules instantiated in the DE1_SoC module, which are listed below.
2.	inputTug:
Instantiated four times in DE1_SoC, one for each used keybutton. Receives user input from keybuttons and checks whether it is occurred on a clock edge, or missed the clock edge, and ensures that a single button press only counts as one press, even if held over several clock cycles.
3.	inputDejammer:
Instantiated within inputTug is inputDejammer, which receives the user input from inputTug and connects this input to two flip flops to ensure a stable input for the rest of the system, which also ensures stable outputs.
4.	frogLight:
Instantiated 30 times within the DE1_SoC module to cover the 5x6 used section of the LED Array. The frogLight module controls frog movement over the playfield, turning the current light on or off depending on which buttons are pressed (as received by the outputs of inputTug) and whether the adjacent lights are on. This module is used for the starting light that the frog resets to on a new game and is also instantiated once per victory light described below. Upon reset, if the light is specified to be a center light, then it will turn on. Otherwise, it will turn off. If a round is completed, meaning one round was won by a player, it will turn off unless it is a designated center light, then it will turn on.
5.	normalLight:
Instantiated twice in the DE1_SoC module, one for the 1st and 3rd row of the LED Array (with the topmost being the 0th). Controls car movement on the LED Array by controlling a single row and changing the direction of LEDs turning on depending on an input parameter specifying direction. The cars move automatically across the row. Will turn off while reset is active, before returning to “animated” movement across the row after reset.
6.	victoryLight:
Instantiated six times in DE1_SoC to control the top row of the LED Array. Also contains an instantiated frogLight as mentioned above to turn LED on (briefly, since the frog is promptly sent back to start) when the frog moves to it. Also checks if a win occurs, depending on whether the forward button is pressed and if the light below the victory light is on and is only green (the frog and not a car). If there is a win, the output is later sent to module counter instantiated in DE1_SoC to increment the number of wins for that player, with a maximum of seven wins.
7.	loseChecker:
Instantiated once within DE1_SoC. Checks the positions of the car and the frog for whether they occupy the same LED following a button press. If they do, a loss is output, which will later be sent to module counter instantiated in DE1_SoC to decrement the number of wins for that player, reducing to no less than 0 wins.
8.	counter:
Instantiated within the DE1_SoC module. Takes output from victoryLight and loseChecker on whether there was a win or loss and updates the total amount of wins a player has, with a maximum of seven and a minimum of 0. Sends output to instantiated seg7 module in the DE1_SoC module, which updates result to HEX0 on the De1-SoC board.
9.	seg7:
Instantiated within the DE1_SoC module is the seg7 module, which assigns case-by-case the HEX display depending on how many times a player has won. A maximum of 7 rounds are won before no more wins are recorded and a minimum of 0 wins are recorded.
10.	clock_divider:
Instantiated within the DE1_SoC module. Is used to modify the clock frequency of the system and the vehicles on the LED Array. The system clock controls most functionality, including the frog movement, button presses, and resets. The clock for the vehicles is much slower, to allow the frog to potentially reach victory.
